I want to look behind me. I can see Oh
my gosh. What the heck?
Remember that spy? He put you in the
wall there. I'm not on the desk anymore,
baby. I drove off the desk. Oh, I swear
I'm going to come to your house and kick
you in the face.
[Music]
All right, boys. In front of you, you
see a Hot Wheels track where we're going
to race. And the first one to the end of
the race wins one point. One point into
the pool. One point. It goes into the
pool. That's where the point is at. Mom
said you're not supposed to put the Hot
Wheels in the pool. Well, mom ain't here
today, son. Okay. Pop O. Baby, count us
in. OB. All right. I'm going to count
pigeon noises. Oh,
I hate that he did that. I didn't know
what
Come on. Spin it out of my screen. Yeah,
he was. Well, I got it saved now, boy.
Oh jeez. Slow down. Slow down. Slow
down. Wait. It's slippery. It's
slippery. It's slippery. Slippery. It's
covered in baby oil or something. It's
Hot Wheels. Oh jeez. Yeah, that doesn't
mean it has to be slippery. Yes, it does
cover. Okay, I am not going to do good
at this video.
You can recover. You just got to You got
to believe. Watch out for the big loops.
Oh jeez.
Where's Hey, first person. Oh jeez. Oh
jeez. Oh jeez. I want to look behind me
cuz I can see. Oh my god. What the heck?
Um I landed. That's where I landed.
Wait, which way are we aimed here? Uh
came down. I Nobody's won yet. We just
blew each other up. Wait, I'm going to
have to reset. No way. You get the
momentum spy. I think you almost have to
go back to the start. No, I'm not. You
got the momentum. Uh, you guys are spot
out. Hello. I went back to the start.
Obie, I need to go do the loops again.
Okay, I'm going to have to You got this.
I crashed into spy. He fell. I'm going.
I'm right behind you. I'm behind Kimono.
All right, keep up with me. I got I'm
just going to
floor. I'm good, guys. I'm at the pool.
Wait a minute. Oh jeez. Oh no.
Um, I'm out of display. Okay, there's no
way Obie gets this, right?
Guys, I already landed in the pool. Spy
already won the round. I reset cuz I ran
into a spy on the loop and I thought I
couldn't make it back. Has been awarded
one pool boy. Wait, can I at least jump
in the pool cuz it looks cool? Okay,
everyone jump. I want to jump over the
pool. I'm just going to ask point. No,
no pool point. The spy got the first
point. I'm just going to jump into here.
Okay. I mean, it depends on which one
looks cooler. You could always ward us a
half point. Okay, that's true. Komodo.
Oh, I like that little wobble on that.
Wobble. Okay, here I come. Watch this.
Okay, OB's wobble with a little Oh, that
was a nice dive. You know what? I think
I got to give Obie four point45. You
guys get four
points five. Okay. 453.
You know what? I'm not even gonna be mad
or go through that. Spy, you got a
point. Obie, you got half a point. I
don't have anything. I'm gonna just I'm
gonna win the next round. Yeah, you pity
point. Yo, you do it. I'm sorry, editor.
Spy Cakes has one point. We Me and Obie
have zero points. I need your pity
points. I'll make it up later. Sure you
will. Who put this furniture outside?
Your mom. That would make sense. All
right, boys. We got a a really big and a
really tricky track that's going to go
all the way around the building and then
it's eventually going to end up inside
of it. So, good luck. Wait, what? Okay.
It's just a big track. Just follow along
with me. Meows. Oh, I'm not Meow. Pig's
mortal enemy. Why would you count me?
Okay. Yeah, it's fine. Go ahead. On Mew.
We go. Meow. Meow. Meow. Mew.
Have a normal countdown. Okay. Why did
you pick a standard V boss? Because in
the end of the day, the tortoise will
beat the hair. You heard that, spy.
That's kind of like a challenge. I feel
like I might be a little slow for you
guys. You think? We tried to I tried to
I feel like maybe y'all are going to
We're going to What? I didn't know
there first person. I still hit the
edge. I still hit the edge.
So
slow. Oh, there goes OB.
Yeah. Wow. I spy. I'm not too far behind
you. What do you mean wins? Oh, steady
wins. Obie, I hope your car's fast
enough for this next part. It will be.
Trust me, dude. It's It's doing good.
It's doing fine. It's doing fine. Is it?
Obie has an advantage because our car is
low. Mine already got ripped apart. I'm
Wait, I'm at top speed. I'm at top
speed. Oh, yeah. I top out at 140. Uhoh.
I don't know if I'm cheating, but I'm
responding in place. By the way, you're
fine, Obie. You just do whatever you
need to do back there, buddy. I'm in my
own video. Wait, how come we don't have
little tikes and Barbie cars? Wa wa wa I
slipped. I saw the right. Whoa. The
cover took over.
Dude, the banking is insane. Yeah, it's
bad. Don't hit it. It's so hard to turn.
It's so hard to turn. You got like stock
tires on a on a wobbles. Well, well,
yeah. Well, someone has to do it, right?
I mean, I'm making these I'm making
these turns if we want to go with that.
Yeah, somebody's got to do it, I guess.
Somebody has to test it for the
children.
Children sideways. You're like right
behind me.
Oh my goodness. I'm trying to see if I
can see OB. Oh, there's Obie. Hey, Obie.
Look at that loop. No, I can't look at
the loop. I'm trying to die. Oh my god
right now. Oh, Obie, there's no way you
make this loop. Don't tell me that, bro.
I'm already stressed enough. I'm
clenched. You're clenched. I'm getting
chiah horses in my butt cheeks. Have you
made it through the lake yet, Spy? I
can't see a thing. Yeah, it's really
hard to see.
I'm pretty sure I caught air. I did the
loop. I did a loop. I did the loop.
What? You did the loop over there. I did
a loop. I did the loop. I cleared it. My
car is overheating. I barely did.
Uhoh. See, I'm hanging in there. Well,
we might get second.
This just sounds like a bunch of random
noises. At this point, it is. I see. I'm
one layer below you. Okay. Am I in front
of you? You're in front of me. Wait,
what? I fell off. Bro fell off. Bro fell
off. I bro fell off. His car fell off. I
just crossed the line. I'm just going to
say that now. I can catch up. I can
catch up. Oh, here comes OB over the Oh,
Save it. Save it. I'm saving it. You
better go cuz Spyy's coming at He's
coming really fast. Oh no, I had to.
I had to. My car wouldn't have made it
if I kept going. You're coming to the
finish. I don't think I can win here
because I'm too slow. Unless Spy misses
the exit.
Yeah, the landing is just kind of like
it exists and you just die. So, but do I
land further?
I mean, if we're going by that, I I
think I might have still uh Unless my
car still runs. Wait, really? Is that
the metric we're going off of now? It
doesn't run. It doesn't run. It does not
run. Yeah, I can't confirm. Car does not
crank anymore. I think we've uh
obliterated it. Hey, but hey, we all did
the course. You know, I did my slow car.
I got to give you some props there,
Obie. I didn't think you were going to
make that course at all. I did not
either. I did not either. Can we find an
even more difficult course? Well, I'm
sure we could. There's a course that has
a jump that's optional that's like a
skip and it's got a lot of loops and
stuff. So, yes, we we can find a more
difficult course. Let's do it. All
right, boys. You wanted a harder track?
Well, you've got a harder track. Okay.
So, what makes it so difficult? Well,
there's a there's a jump in here that's
it's totally optional. Like, you can go
around it or you can hit it and it might
make up some time. And I'm pretty sure
there's some Is that it? There's a jump.
Yeah, there's a jump. You see where the
fence is, Obie? Like the big brick
fence? fence towards the backyard. Yeah.
Where we're at that line. Uh-huh. You
got to jump that bad boy. I don't see no
jump.
Uh, do you see a big brick fence? Yeah.
Well, I mean, yeah, that's already, you
know, that's already what I see is I
loop around the tree. Uh-huh. And then
you go across and then you see you don't
see the big brick where the stairs are.
The big brick fence.
Oh, yeah. Wait, what? You know what?
Just good luck, Obie. You You'll see.
Oh, it's just a bunch of loops. It's
just a bunch of you. You You'll see it
when you get there. Okay. Just Just
don't hold it wide open and pray. Okay.
Okay, I'm ready. All right. Count.
Actually, I'm going to count. I'm going
to do it normal, too. Ready? Count it
normal. Count of roses. No. No. One,
two, bumblebees. Three. Go.
Bumblebee. Oh, that was a slow start.
Okay.
Okay. I'm I'm trying I'm purposely
hanging back just a bit so I can see
where his jump is at cuz I feel like
it's really We're not near the jump
right now.
I think it's after the second loopy
loop, okay, buddy. So, I'll kick it up
speed a little bit. Yep. Are y'all
slowing down these turns at all? Uh, I
was trying to hold it wide open there.
It's It's pretty sketchy.
Okay. Oh my god. Wait, we're just going
around a tree.
Yeah, eventually you stop going around
the tree. Okay, I'm out of the tree.
Like a bunch of Oh, I had a little bit
of like FPS drop there. Woo.
Time to go buy you a 5090. Whatever it
is. I am not spending $20,000 on a 5090.
I'm going to hop down to the other side
here. Help me. I can't help you. Landed
it. Oh, wait. I just saw something fly.
What was that? Totally doesn't count.
Was that you? Yeah, that was me. Where'
this jump at? It's further down.
Ding-dong. I'll let you know. We can. Of
course, it's almost over. I thought it
isn't almost over, but it goes to the
ground level. Wow. Wow. Wow.
So, boys, I was looking at the wrong
course. See, I told you. Hold on a
second. I want to get there. I made I
made a second. I made a second. Wait,
wait, wait, wait. Okay, there. Okay.
Wait. Obie finished second again. I fell
off. Oh, jeez.
Hi. So, I might have been wrong about
which which one was the uh right course.
Um, yeah. So, all that stress you put me
under, that undue stress.
Come on, Obie. We're filming a video
about Hot Wheels cars on a big track
back because I thought I was like,
"Where's the course? I'm going to lose
if I get lost." We should totally Well,
we're going to let OB get a head start.
How about that, Spy? No, no, I don't
need a head start. You just need to tell
me. I found the right course. Just meet
me over at the next with your eyes. I'm
going to stop you so hard this one over
here. Wow. Are you still babbling over
me? Yeah, I'm babbling. Yeah, stop
babbling. All right, boys. Uh, this is
the correct one now. It's got a giant
jump in it. I unless it just it takes a
random turn. I don't know. So, I was
talking to the child in the in the chat.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. We got a spectator, too.
He's a big kid. Oh, yeah. He's way back
there. I got loop. Just loop. And then
just kid. Yeah. Don't run into the jump.
Don't run into the kid. All right. You
ready? Yeah. Where where's this jump you
speak of? Oh my. It's on the brick
fence, you stupid person.
You just got soul with it. Oh my
goodness. It's like I'm going to count
in bumblebees. Okay. Go ahead. Just go
ahead.
Bubble. Bubble. Bumblebees or
bumblebees? Bumblebees.
What? I didn't know where to start. I
heard bumblebees. Bubble or what?
Bumble. But they were talking bumblebees
like the bee movie. I heard bumblebees.
Remember that spy? He put you in the
wall? My butt touched his face. That was
like a butt check. That was a butt
check. Yeah, he did a butt check on you.
Oh my goodness.
Yes. Yeah, bud. Take it out of how much
you want to make fun of me here. Wait,
what? Why would I do that? You just mey.
What are you talking about?
Oh, never mind. I don't have to
intimidate you. You've already found the
wall. Oh, hey, Spy. Hi. Hey, this is a
close race. You don't have to intimidate
me. Am I winning? I think I'm winning.
Yes, you're winning by not much though.
We're like in a line. Oh jeez. Oh no.
What are you doing? These illegal NASCAR
tactics. Is this what we call that? Oh
my goodness.
Wait. Why do I always do that? Come on.
Obie. Don't even move the camera. Don't
look behind you. Just know that you're
securely in first. But you might want to
let off for the jump.
What? Nothing. Oh, you call me boy. I
didn't call you anything. I just said
you might want to know about my mama.
I didn't say anything about your
brother. I feel like you did though. I
feel like you thought it. Your mother
stinks and she's a wilder beast. Good
luck with the triple. Oh my goodness. I
just did it. What? I'm scared. I'm not
in first person. I'm not in first
person. Oh my goodness.
I went between. Wait, you went between
us. Hi, Obie. I went between. I don't
know if I'm doing this or not. You
You're doing a pretty good job, I think.
Oh, no. No. No. I got to free cam. I got
to free cam. Oh, no. No. So, I have to
redo the loop, right? Can I past the
loop? I don't know what's happening. I
think I'm flipping right now. Oh, I
can't. Let's go. Right past the loop.
Wait, I I respawned past the loop. Just
I can see that. I I had to respawn once
I got past the loop. Are you spy? Are
you behind us or you in front of us? Uh,
I'm behind you guys a little ways. I got
so disoriented. Oh, don't don't worry.
We're going to die on the jump. So, who
said I'm going to do the jump? Why would
you not do the jump? Your your audience
wants to see you do the jump. That's
true. My audience. I will do anything
for my audience. Why would you Why would
you risk disappointing your audience and
not doing the jump? I would never I
would never I would never risk that. I
hope we make this. Oh, we make it. We
make it. We clear that full speed.
That's a baby's jump. That was a baby's
jump. Spy, we're about to win this. I
landed it, too. He's about to win this.
Well, it ain't over
yet. I think I'm What is he doing? He
threw it away. I threw it away. He threw
it away. You had the win there. It was
easy. I know. I got panicked. What is
this? Were you panicking? Oh jeez. I was
panicking Skywalker. Uh, first person.
Oh, I did not have the momentum for
this, did I? You know, I must say, Obie,
you're doing better than I expected.
Okay, we're just going to go ahead and
uh I had really low expectations for you
today, Obie. Um, you know, some some
days I wake up and I do really good, but
I'm I'm ready. No, no, no. You're
actually you're doing pretty good for
the the challenge of the track. Okay.
It's honestly it's a pretty challenging
track. It's not that hard. It's just I
feel like I'm not in the zone today. You
know, I'm feeling more of a Gary's mod
brain, not really a beam and brain. You
know what I'm saying? Come on. Flip it.
Boom. Wait. What the heck? Spy just
landed on the track with me. No. I think
I'm I think I'm going the right way. Go.
Go. There's a translator. We're
backwards. Where you at? Wait. Spy.
Where you at? Wait.
There's a translator. We're backwards.
This feels Hold on. I got to see if
Obie's going I I went the right way. I
went the right way for sure. Obie, you
went from winning the race to whatever
you call what you just did. Yeah, but
see, here's the thing, fellas. Is it
always about winning or is it about
having a good time with my buddies and
my viewers? Okay, think about it. You're
sitting on a stage. You sat on a stage.
There's a million dollars sitting there
and that's what you get is you won. You
got second place. You got jack squat and
they showed the million dollars going to
the other person. How do you feel right
now? I don't think this video was worth
a million dollars. Come on. This isn't
Mr. Beast. Okay. I'm trying to This is
just three best friends talking trash
about each other's moms and driving
their little I have said nothing bad
about about about Spy Cake's mom. Spy
Cake's mom's always Spy Cake's mom is
extremely nice person.
We can brownies and lasagna. She I don't
know if she's ever
made. We up the ante. What are we uping
it to? The final $1 million.
Wait, what? Okay. Who's supplying the
million dollars? Obie. All of us. We're
going to split it. Or you
two. Have to do the money.
It's the guy that's in here with us. The
child. He gives us the money. There you
go. Today in BMG Drive, Komodo is dad
and he's coming home from work. And the
two brothers, Spike Cakes and Beautiful
Obie, have to hide all their Hot Wheels
toys before dad. Did we really need a
whole lore story?
4 million. The kid in the chat is giving
us $1 million for the winner. Okay, you
guys have 30 seconds to take off and
hide. Remember, the last person that is
alive. They can run and get out of the
room. So, what happens if you win? Do
you get the million dollars? I get a
million dollars in two cents. Oh, no.
Yeah, that two cents is definitely the
uh How much time we got? Uh, I'm going
to say I'll give you like another Let's
go 10 seconds. 10 10 seconds. Mr. Durus
over here, you just had somebody drop
from the sky next to me. Uh five us
1722. Name tag. Wait. Name tags. My name
tags are off. You guys can keep You can
keep yours on cuz I'm I'm never on to
begin. I'm coming.
I hope you guys hid in a really good
spot. I hope you guys have to say hi to
Mr. Chucks. I just can't type it out
here. I'm going to type it out cuz I'm a
nice person here.
He's helping you. Oh, no. He's going to
get He's going to No, no, no, no, no.
That's an advantage. That's an
advantage. Wait, did I just hire this
person to help me? He might have name
tags on. He probably does have name
tags, so should I just follow him? Yes.
Follow him, please. No. No. I'm going to
go into the town. I'm trying to think of
I'm thinking like an OB. Where would an
OB hide? OB, I would probably hide by
the front door. Do I see you? Um, I'm
not sure.
Oh, yes. Hi. No.
Hi. Wait, so y'all see each other? Yeah.
Are y'all Can y'all see each other from
where you're hiding is the question?
Barely. Barely. I'll take there.
H. If I was an open spy.
Oh, I see that. Is it Do you guys have
Wait, can you guys see me from where
you're hiding? No. Oh, barely.
Interesting. Barely. That would make me
think that you're maybe a little higher
up. Oh. What's the smallest car in this
game? Wait, what are you doing? I'm not
going to sink it, OP. I'm going to hold
wide open. You're not going to be able
to sink this.
Let's try this one.
Good luck. I'm lagging. I'm loading.
It's taking forever. Okay, good. I'm
totally not allowing you to queue your
event. It's not happening. Oh,
is he in a really small car? You know
what, OB? Just because I'm a bro, I'm
going to cue your event. Let you It
doesn't matter. It doesn't work. It
doesn't work. It doesn't work. The
pop-up. Wait, somebody's revving. Is
that one of y'all or is that No, that's
that's Chucks. Mr. Chucks. Mr. Chuck.
Oh, that didn't work. That was uh way
Where are you? Uh I'm uh over here by a
shelf.
A shelf? Yes. An elf on the shelf? Right
above the three big cars. Three big
cars. Oh, I see those. Now he's in a
blue tube.
Hey, you're not supposed to give away
all my positions, spot. We're a
teammates. Oh, I guess it's a screw in
it.
Okay, so y'all know where each other is.
I could respawn, right? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. You didn't see you? Yeah. Did you
just jump?
I would not do that. I heard a car just
take off.
Was I coming to Okay, I'm I'm going to
admit, Obie, I saw you behind the big
pigeon. I saw something. Oh, no. I was
trying to go under the pigeon. Wait, so
you drove off and respawned? You You
didn't say you saw him. You didn't say
something. Why was it? I was trying to
sneak up on them. You're going to
clarify that. If you clarify that, then
I wouldn't have been able to do that.
We're just making these rules up, aren't
we? We're just scripting the video. Try
GPT told me I could do it. You're just
scripting the
video. Try GPT said, "Go for it, Obie.
You're my number one best friend." Okay.
You know, I'm going to sick the person
that's with me. Go find him. Mr. Chucks
or whatever your name is. Oh, Mr.
Chucks. Mr. Nunchucks. Oh,
nonechucks.
Yeah, it's a karate nugget. No, it Yeah.
No, it's actually a a karate nun. None
none none named Chuck. I don't know. My
brain is not functioning right now.
Ain't none none that knows karate. Oh
jeez. Now I got to go find OB again. You
can go find Spy. Well, I don't know
where Spy Spy seems like he's more on
the up and up. He does, doesn't he? He
seems like he knows what he's doing
right now and he's already hidden.
He wants to win. That's what it is. He
really wants to win. But I need to win.
I haven't won anything today. Well,
isn't that normal for you? No, I usually
win quite often sometimes. I was just I
was just I was being facitious. But
sometimes I have bad days. Some Some
days I have good days. Oh my goodness.
This is actually pretty hard. Okay. No,
I got I saw Yeah, it's Mr. Trucks. He's
following you. Oh, is he? He's right
behind you. Yeah, I watched him follow
you. Well, Mr. Chucks, you probably have
name tags on if you want to go help me
point out like where these people are. I
can't hear you.
Should I yell at him? He can't hear you,
Kabato. You have to type to him. Wait a
minute. Is there something in here?
That's a good spot. Obie, I think we got
this. I think so. How do Did I win the
video yet? Yeah. Do we split the million
dollars yet? Wait, you already claim I
had seen Obie. I just did. I was trying
to sneak up on him. Okay, we're going to
have to play hot and cold here. Am I
cold? Hey, I don't know where you're at.
So maybe I'm down by the loop by the
tool chest. I will say hot or cold for
us. You are I would say pretty warm.
I'm warm.
Oh my goodness. That doesn't count
furniturey. No count. That does not
count. Wait, why is he saying it doesn't
count? What's he doing right now? He
might have fell by accident from So that
means he was at a high location.
Foot. Yeah. A foot.
Wait, did you say heck? Wait, what do
you mean? Stinky cold from me. Can I say
the word I was supposed to say? I was
hot. No. Stinky wanky toy wosies. Stinky
what? Stinky wanky toy wosies. Huh?
Spy, are you back here? No. Wait, you
can't go back here. It's a visible wall.
Gosh darn. Oh my goodness. This hair. Is
this legitimately hard? Huh? Well, you
haven't said hot or cold for you, OB.
Uh, medium. Medium. I actually did his
at the beginning. I know. Like a
microwave. You like a You like a
microwave that I put on for like 20
seconds. It's not quite there. What? But
it is But it is. It keeps bringing me
back to this desk. You guys are around
this desk. I'm Oh, maybe. Maybe. I don't
know. Try try behind it. I've already
went behind it. I couldn't go because
it's an invisible wall. Yeah. Wait, did
you fall behind it? No, you can't go
back there. Oh, wait. Actually, hold on.
Can I fall behind it? Okay. I
don't I did not fall behind the desk. I
promise
he's not good. I promise. Okay. I'm not
behind the desk. You have to be here.
This is the desk.
Why are we laughing? I see that. I see
that.
What did he do?
[Laughter]
Why is there so much laughing? Cuz it's
funny. Oh my goodness. I don't I don't
see anybody. I'm not on the desk
anymore, baby. I drove off the desk. Oh,
I swear I'm going to come to your house
and kick you in the face.
Gosh darn it. Stop falling off the desk.
Are you just Are you doing a loop around
every time I come down here? I can tell
by the way you're giggling the desk. You
just come down by the desk.
Are you on top of the I was just on the
desk. Kimoto, that's the third time he's
been up there. Did he go off the desk
again? You stupid person.
But Spy, supposedly I'm near you, too. I
got I got a worm near there, too. So,
you're in this area. Oh, yeah. That
didn't sound like a bit. That was just
like a Oh, yeah. What does that mean?
Okay. Gosh darn it. If I come up here,
I'm going to throw my I'm going to throw
the remote through the monitor.
You're going to need a million dollars
to replace that. Jeez. What kind of warm
at the beginning? It was for OB. Oh,
this is cuz he can't see you. He can't
He fell behind the desk, didn't he? I
did not go behind the desk. I promise.
He can't see me,
though. I can see you now. Uh I was up
top the desk about 10 seconds ago.
Oh, I swear. Well, where does he keep
going is the question. He keeps falling.
I keep driving behind you. The same loop
you're taking, Kimono.
Okay. All right. I'm jumping off the
desk. Okay. Here I go. Okay. I jumped
off. Okay. I'm going up the
loop. You're such a
liar. Guys started this. This person
just crushed me. He's on our side. He's
helping, boys.
This is the longest round in B&G
history. It is because Okay, you're not
going to go find Spy. Okay, I hope you
dub your toe your toe in real life.
Okay, I will on purpose for you. I'm
going to go find Spy. I like him better.
I don't think you really need to. I was
I was on the TV stand. Zoinks. Zoinks.
Zoinks. Oh, he got me. He got me. Got
him. I went there. I went there because
I wanted to play a little fair. Wait, he
says see this
later. Wait, he can run. I forget.
Telling me this blue car.
Yeah. Bye. He's on his way out. I'm
behind him. He's on his way out the
door. Left or right? Left or right? Left
or right? Right. He went right out the
door. How do I escape this? Yeah. Good
luck, buddy. Oh my goodness. Has zero
track.
Oh no.
Wait, that's Chuck. Wait, I'm killing
Chuck. Chuck. Chucks was following me.
Wait, what? Oh, he was behind me. It
doesn't help that they're both blue. So
that means I never spotted Spy though. I
spotted you running. Spotted him. No, I
saw Chuck leaving. I thought that was
you and I chased Chuck. He was leaving
with me. What? A little a little ways
behind me, but you know. Spy, I am so
lost right now. I spy, I'm going give
you that one.
Wait, if Spy gets it though, he gets a
million dollars. What? Okay. No, I'm not
giving Spy though. My best friend. You
are my best friend. Would you like to
give me a million dollars? I'll let you
win. I'll split at 33.33%.
Yeah, but don't give Obie anymore. Dude,
that's basically even. Okay. How about
Obie pays a tax for all of us and then
we just No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't
deal with the IRS.
I'm doing tax fraud. Wait, wait.
Are you here with Chuck?
Was my buddy this whole time? I I think
I'm done with both of you and Chuck. I'm
just following Komoto. I'm going to go
drive over to the pool. I'm tired of
driving today. I'm tired of driving too
now. Yeah. I'm just going to tab to
Komoto. There we go. Drive for me,
buddy. Yeah. Just watch me wreck into
this this rock over
here and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.